It's not we always considered race and destructuring is also available for objects.
Basically it works exactly the same and all the tricks are things that show you are also true for objects
.
But I still want to show it.
So I'll create an object and just like with theory I don't have to create it.
And then the structure I could do it on one step like a sword and the last lecture on arrays.
But I'll still do it in two steps just to make it clearer clearer.
So I'll have a name Max and then age 27 and next I want to restructure this.
So I went to get the name and the age of this object.
Now this would be yes you use it with arrays with the square brackets.
However here we're destructuring an object and there were four.
We have to change this.
We have to use call braces here now.
No I be structured like this.
And this will pull out the name at H field from my object and store it in individual variables.
So I can now print name and age like this if I know Heidrun what you think I'll see.
Well of course I get max and 20:7 So this works exactly as I just described it.
If I also have agreed to function here like this
do you think I also can pull out discrete function but say simply by doing that.
And let's leave out the middle one just Restylane reasons.
If I now call read like this do you think this will work what will happen if I had run this doesn't
work.
Because for stylin reasons we could do this in the array where we have a clear order with an object
pre-conscious skip a certain value here.
So I simply can leave it out though because we're very not having order properties here we are identifying
them by name anyways.
So I can do this if I know mid-run what I think will happen.
Now you see Hello there.
So this does work.
But it's important to understand why this syntax didn't work.
And the reason for this is as I said we're already referencing them by a name not by position in the
array.
We're deconstructing them by position.
Now we're deconstructing this object by name.
Therefore if we have Name one year for example this also will create one.
Now it run this also it wouldn't work because grid one isn't found as a property in this object.
Those names here have to match.
That is really important to understand.
Now explain that names have to match so name has to match name and create Testament's greed in order
to successfully deconstruct this object.
But sometimes you want a different name for this variable.
Outside of this object then you are using inside of this object.
That's why when deconstructing objects or destructuring objects you can use aliases.
So for example I could give greed and Al yours off hello and then I could rename this function here
too.
If Now Naledge run it still works because now Greta you're referring to the property name and the size
of the object.
But hello will be the name I use outside of this object like here and if I still try to use greed will
that still work.
What do you think of what will happen if I had run.
This won't work anymore because now hello is the only name we may use outside of this object.
So we have to stick to it